# Description:

MeT is a  Cloud-enabled framework that can be used alone or in conjunction with OpenStack for the automatic and heterogeneous reconfiguration of HBase.
MeT is an workload aware system that provides automatic elasticity for the HBase NoSQL database.
MeT not only adds and removes nodes automatically and according to system load, but also reconfigures them according to the observed workloads.
As a result, it achieves a significant increase in overall system performance.

# About: 

The current version of MeT is ready to work with HBase and OpenStack.

# Requirements

## Java
    MeT has a Java module to bridge MeT and HBase.
    Such module has the following dependencies:
        - commons-configuration-1.6.jar
        - commons-lang-2.5.jar
        - commons-logging-1.1.1.jar
        - hadoop-core-1.0.1.jar
        - hbase-0.92.0-cdh4b1.jar
        - log4j-1.2.15.jar
        - py4j0.7.jar
        - slf4j-api-1.6.1.jar
        - slf4j-log4j12-1.6.1.jar
        - zookeeper-3.4.1-cdh4b1.jar
  
## Python
    MeT is mainly implemented in Python.
    The following dependencies must be installed:
        - paramiko
        - py4j
        - novaclient.v1_1 (OpenStack Client)



# Build

Just compile the JMeTGlue.java class.
No need for extra build work.

# Configuration 

Folder 'config' holds a set of configuration files.
Folder 'tmp' holds hbase configuration files that MeT uses and copies to the actual running machines.
These should be the only places where you would need to tune MeT.

# Usage

1. Run Java Gateway (JMeTGlue)

2. ./runner.sh (Please check if 'runner.sh' is considering the right py4j and paramiko paths)


# Feedback

Updated source and an issue tracker are available at:
	
	https://github.com/fmaia/MeT

Your feedback is welcome.

#Contact

Francisco Cruz (<fmcruz@di.uminho.pt>)

Francisco Maia (<fmaia@di.uminho.pt>)

Miguel Matos (<miguelmatos@di.uminho.pt>)

Ricardo Vilaça (<rmvilaca@di.uminho.pt>)

Joao Paulo (<jtpaulo@di.uminho.pt>)

